Add RPC chapter (#30)
tikv/deep-dive-tikv: src/rpc/protobuf.md

# Protocol Buffers

Interface definition languages, such as protobufs, are most commonly used to store and transmit data between applications.

They define a way to *serialize* structures as text, as well as *de-serialize* it again.

Here's an example of a protobuf message in *text format*:

```protobuf
KvPair {
  key: "TiKV"
  value: "Astronaut"
}
```

When a message is actually *sent* between two applications, a binary format is used. You can learn more about the binary format in the [documentation of protobufs](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/encoding).

> ## Why not use JSON?

Reviewer: Maybe the header for this section should be **Why Protobuf**.

> Protobufs are simply much faster and cheaper than JSON. Additionally, protobufs can generate all the required code for your desired language.

Reviewer 2: What does "cheaper" mean here?

Reviewer: Using less system resource?  If so, consider using one word "efficient".

> If you have used [`serde_json`](https://docs.serde.rs/serde_json/) or another JSON library you may have experienced the task of defining schemas for structures. This becomes a maintenance burden as your infrastructure grows to span many languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have used [`serde_json`](https://docs.serde.rs/serde_json/) or another JSON library, you may have experienced the task of defining schemas for structures. This becomes a maintenance burden as your infrastructure grows to span many languages. 
```

> You need to do this with protobufs as well, but you only do it once, and protobuf will generate bindings for any language it knows how to.

Reviewer 2: It's not clear what "protobuf" actually is here

> The way protobuf generates this code is backwards compatible, if an application finds data is isn't familiar with, it just ignores them. This allows for a safe evolution of an API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Protobuf generates this code in a backwards compatible manner. If an application finds unfamiliar data, it just ignores them. This allows for a safe evolution of an API.
```

> ## More that just data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## More than just data
```

> Protobufs also enable the definition of *services*. This allows for the definition of RPC calls.

Reviewer 2: How so?

Author: Clarified it a bit.

> Protobufs also enable the definition of *services*. This allows for the definition of RPC calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Protobufs also enable the definition of *services*. This allows the definition of RPC calls.
```

```protobuf
service ScanService {
  rpc Scan (string, string) returns (repeated KvPair) {};
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: Would be good to explain this example

> This is particularly useful as it allows users to call remote functions as if they were local thanks to the code generation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is particularly useful as it allows users to call remote functions almost as if they were local thanks to the code generation.
```

> This is particularly useful as it allows users to call remote functions as if they were local thanks to the code generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is particularly useful as it allows users to call remote functions as if they were local, thanks to code generation.
```
